scRNA-seq skeleton for future batch-correction/sub-clustering tutorial plug-ins (#2445)
galaxyproject/training-material: snippets/create_new_workflow.md

> 2. Click the new workflow {% icon galaxy-wf-new %} button
> 3. Give it a clear and memorable name
> 4. Clicking **Save** will take you directly into the workflow editor for that workflow

> > 5. Need more help? Please see the *How to make a workflow subsection* [here](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/introduction/tutorials/galaxy-intro-101-everyone/tutorial.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 5. Need more help? Please see the *How to make a workflow subsection* [here]({% link topics/introduction/tutorials/galaxy-intro-101-everyone/tutorial.md %})
```
